Okay, let's do a summary wrap-up of this module.
Now let's recap the Know Your ABC's module.
We opened this module with emphasizing the critical importance
for leaders to have good writing skills,
since no one really wants to read a document; they
just want to know what it says.
It raises the bar on what we leaders must aspire to with our writing skills.
Next, we saw how the 5 C's--clear, concise,
courteous, consistent, and compelling permeate the entire module.
Then we jumped into the core of this module and we covered
five of the most important areas that you need to grow and
improve your writing skills.
The first was presentations and now that you're standing up in
front of your peers or customers or management,
they will be listening, watching, measuring,
gauging and critiquing you from the second you stand up,
so plan and prepare and you will be successful.
Next, meetings.
No agenda?
No meeting!
And when you prepare your agenda,
you want to have your expected outcome always in mind.
And don't forget!
Take good notes and deliver follow-up emails quickly.
Status reports.
They help you communicate progress, plans,
and problems regularly and consistently.
And keep them short and simple as much as possible.
Be specific and write and send them regularly and keep it positive, certainly.
Emails.
Like structured programming,
if you follow my simple guidelines for structured emailing,
you will produce professional emails easily and quickly.
Lastly, interviews.
By following the simple interview selection process,
you will better find the best and the brightest to join your team.
Thank you for joining me in this module.
But wait!
There is more!
The next module is even more important.
We will cover how to improve your verbal and interpersonal skills
to help you be the best team leader you can be. See you soon!